now the word the Lord came to me son of
man set your face toward the mountains
of Israel and prophesy against them and
say o mountains of Israel hear the word
of the Lord God thus says the Lord God
to the mountains to the hills to the
ravines and to the valleys indeed I even
I will bring a sword against you and I
will destroy your high places then your
altars shall be desolate your incense
altars shall be broken and I will cast
down your slain men before your idols
and I will lay the corpses of the
children of Israel before their idols
and I will scatter your burns all around
your altars in all your dwelling places
the cities shall be laid waste and the
high places shall be desolate so that
your altars may be laid waste and made
desolate your idols may be broken and
made to cease your incense altars may be
cut down and your works may be abolished
the slain shall fall in your midst and
you shall know that I am the Lord yet I
will leave a remnant so that you may
have some who escape the sword among the
nations when you are scattered through
the countries then those of you who
escape will remember me among the
nations where they are carried captive
because I was crushed by their
adulterous heart which has departed from
me and by their eyes which play the
harlot after their idols they will
loathe themselves for the evils which
they committed in all their abominations
and they shall know that I am beloved I
have not said in vain that I would bring
this calamity upon pound your fists and
stamp your feet and say alas for all the
evil abominations of the house of Israel
for they shall fall by the sword by
famine and by pestilence he who is far
off shall die by the pestilence he who
is near shall fall by the salt and he
who remains and is besieged shall die by
the famine thus will I spend my fury
upon men then you shall know that I am
the Lord when their slain are among
their idols all around their altars on
every high hill on all the mountaintops
under every green tree and under every
thick oak wherever they offered sweet
incense to all their idols so I will
stretch out my hand against them and
make the land desolate yes more desolate
than the wilderness toward ooblar in all
their dwelling places then they shall
know that I
the Lord
you
[Music]